test/acceptance/README.md, before:

# Acceptance Tests

> Future Farming and Countryside Programme - Demo Web Acceptance Tests

This folder contains the acceptance tests for the FFC Demo Web service components as can be operated through the 'customer facing' `ffc-demo-web` front end microservice.

The framework is (Cucumber)[https://cucumber.io/] and (webdriver.io)[https://webdriver.io/] based, containerised, expandable and based on the actively maintained webdriver.io Cucumber boilerplate project.

## Requirements

- Docker Desktop 2.2.0.3 (42716) or higher
- Node version 12 (not compatible with v13)
  - if you have multiple versions of node, run `nvm use 12` to use version 12 for this alone

# Quick start

Docker is used to create a container for each of selenium-hub, chrome-browser and webdriver-cuke.
* Selenium Hub allows concurrent execution of test cases
* Chrome Browser is the browser specified in the configuration file `wdio.conf.js` by default
* Webdriver.io along with Cucumber is this framework that defines the tests.

## How to run the tests

1. Set the root URL for the environment in the environment variable `TEST_ENVIRONMENT_ROOT_URL`

2. From the directory containing the dockerfile run `docker-compose up --build`. This will run an acceptance test against the FFC-Demo web service.

3. The test reports will be output to `./html-reports`. Note that WSL users need to run `mkdir -m 777 html-reports`. Read more about report configuration in the [rpii/wdio-hmtl-reporter docs](https://github.com/rpii/wdio-html-reporter)

4. Now you are ready to maintain, extend or write your own features in the `./acceptance/features` directory

## How to write a test

Tests are written in [Gherkin syntax](https://cucumber.io/docs/reference)
that means that you write down what's supposed to happen in a real language. All test files are located in
`./acceptance/features/*` and have the file ending `.feature`. You will already find some test files in that
directory. They should demonstrate, how tests could look like. Just create a new file and write your first
test.

__myFirstTest.feature__
```gherkin
Feature:
    In order to keep my product stable
    As a developer or product manager
    I want to make sure that everything works as expected

Scenario: Check title of website after search
    Given I open the url "http://google.com"
    When I set "WebdriverIO" to the inputfield "#lst-ib"
    And I press "Enter"
    Then I expect that the title is "WebdriverIO - Google Search"

Scenario: Another test
    Given ...

```

This test opens the browser and navigates them to google.com to check if the title contains the search
query after doing a search. As you can see, it is pretty simple and understandable for everyone.

# Configurations

To configure your tests, checkout the [`wdio.conf.js`](https://github.com/webdriverio/cucumber-boilerplate/blob/master/wdio.conf.js) file in your test directory. It comes with a bunch of documented options you can choose from.

## Environment-specific configurations

You can setup multiple configs for specific environments. Let's say you want to have a different `baseUrl` for
your local and pre-deploy tests. Use the `wdio.conf.js` to set all general configs (like mochaOpts) that don't change.
They act as default values. For each different environment you can create a new config with the following name
scheme:

```txt
wdio.<ENVIRONMENT>.conf.js
```

Now you can create a specific config for your pre-deploy tests:

__wdio.STAGING.conf.js__
```js
var config = require('./wdio.conf.js').config;

config.baseUrl = 'http://staging.example.com'

exports.config = config;
```

Your environment-specific config file will get merged into the default config file and overwrites the values you set.
To run a test in a specific environment just add the desired configuration file as the first parameter:

```sh
$ npx run wdio wdio.STAGING.conf.js
```

# Running single feature
Sometimes it's useful to only execute a single feature file, to do so use the following command:

```sh
$ npx wdio wdio.conf.js --spec ./test/features/select.feature
```


# Using tags

If you want to run only specific tests you can mark your features with tags. These tags will be placed before each feature like so:

```gherkin
@Tag
Feature: ...
```

To run only the tests with specific tag(s) use the `--cucumberOpts.tagExpression=` parameter like so:

```sh
$ npx wdio wdio.conf.js --cucumberOpts.tagExpression='@Tag or @AnotherTag'
```

For more tag options please see the [Cucumber.js documentation](https://docs.cucumber.io/tag-expressions/)

# Pending test

If you have failing or unimplemented tests you can mark them as "Pending" so they will get skipped.

```gherkin
// skip whole feature file
@Pending
Feature: ...

// only skip a single scenario
@Pending
Scenario: ...
```

# Adding new steps and snippets

The predefined snippets allow you to do a lot of common things but you might need extra snippets which
are better aligned with your aims. To do so you will find all step definitions in `./acceptance/steps`. They
are separated in `given`, `when` and `then`.

You define your snippet using regular expressions. This is pretty powerful as it allows you to create complex
sentences with multiple options. Everything that's within `"([^"]*)?"` gets captured and appended to the
callback. The last argument is always a callback function that you need to call when your step is done.
You can access the browser and your WebdriverIO instance with `browser`.

To assert values this boilerplate project comes with a [Chai](http://chaijs.com/) integration.

# Comments

You can add additional descriptive comments in your feature files.

```gherkin
###
  This is a
  block comment
###
Feature: As a bystander
    I can watch bottles falling from a wall
    So that I can be mildly amused

# This is a single line comment
Scenario: check if username is present
    Given I login as "roboter" with password "test123"
    Then the username "roboter" should be present in the header
```

# List of predefined steps

Check out all predefined snippets. You can see examples of how these can be used in [the webdriver.io cucumber-boilerplate `sampleSnippets.feature`](https://github.com/webdriverio/cucumber-boilerplate/blob/master/src/features/sampleSnippets.feature).

## Given steps

- `I open the (url|site) "([^"]*)?"` <br>Open a site in the current browser window/tab
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* visible` <br>Check the (in)visibility of an element
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* enabled` <br>Check if an element is (not) enabled
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* selected` <br>Check if an element is (not) selected
- `the checkbox "([^"]*)?" is( not)* checked` <br>Check if a checkbox is (not) checked
- `there is (an|no) element "([^"]*)?" on the page` <br>Check if an element (does not) exist
- `the title is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the title of the current browser window/tab
- `the element "([^"]*)?" contains( not)* the same text as element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Compare the text of two elements
- `the (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains the text "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if an element contains the given text
- `the (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains any text` <br>Check if an element does not contain any text
- `the (button|element) "([^"]*)?" is( not)* empty` <br>Check if an element is empty
- `the page url is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the url of the current browser window/tab
- `the( css)* attribute "([^"]*)?" from element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the value of an element's (css) attribute
- `the cookie "([^"]*)?" contains( not)* the value "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the value of a cookie
- `the cookie "([^"]*)?" does( not)* exist` <br>Check the existence of a cookie
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* ([\d]+)px (broad|tall)` <br>Check the width/height of an element
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* positioned at ([\d]+)px on the (x|y) axis` <br>Check the position of an element
- `I have a screen that is ([\d]+) by ([\d]+) pixels` <br>Set the browser size to a given size
- `I have closed all but the first (window|tab)` <br>Close all but the first browser window/tab
- `a (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt) is( not)* opened` <br>Check if a modal is opened

## Then steps

- `I expect that the title is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the title of the current browser window/tab
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" does( not)* appear exactly "([^"]*)?" times` <br>Checks that the element is on the page a specific number of times
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* visible` <br>Check if a certain element is visible
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" becomes( not)* visible` <br>Check if a certain element becomes visible
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* within the viewport` <br>Check if a certain element is within the current viewport
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" does( not)* exist` <br>Check if a certain element exists
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains the same text as element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Compare the text of two elements
- `I expect that (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains the text "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if an element or input field contains the given text
- `I expect that (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains any text` <br>Check if an element or input field contains any text
- `I expect that (button|elementelement) "([^"]*)?" is( not)* empty` <br>Check if an element or input field is empty
- `I expect that the url ( not)* contains "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the the URL of the current browser window/tab contains a certain string
- `I expect that the url is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the the URL of the current browser window/tab is a certain string
- `I expect that the path is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the path of the URL of the current browser window/tab is a certain string
- `I expect the url to( not)* contain "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the URL of the current browser window/tab contains a certain string
- `I expect that the( css)* attribute "([^"]*)?" from element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the value of an element's (css) attribute
- `I expect that checkbox "([^"]*)?" is( not)* checked` <br>Check if a check-box is (not) checked
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* selected` <br>Check if an element is (not) selected
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* enabled` <br>Check if an element is (not) enabled
- `I expect that cookie "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if a cookie with a certain name contains a certain value
- `I expect that cookie "([^"]*)?"( not)* exists` <br>Check if a cookie with a certain name exist
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* ([\d]+)px (broad|tall)` <br>Check the width/height of an element
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* positioned at ([\d]+)px on the (x|y) axis` <br>Check the position of an element
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" (has|does not have) the class "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if an element has a certain class
- `I expect a new (window|tab) has( not)* been opened` <br>Check if a new window/tab has been opened
- `I expect the url "([^"]*)?" is opened in a new (tab|window)` <br>Check if a URL is opened in a new browser window/tab
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* focused` <br>Check if an element has the focus
- `I wait on element "([^"]*)?"( for (\d+)ms)*( to( not)* (be checked|be enabled|be selected|be visible|contain a text|contain a value|exist))*` <br>Wait for an element to be checked, enabled, selected, visible, contain a certain value or text or to exist
- `I expect that a (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt) is( not)* opened` <br>Check if a modal is opened
- `I expect that a (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt)( not)* contains the text "$text"` <br>Check the text of a modal

## When steps

- `I (click|doubleclick) on the (link|button|element) "([^"]*)?"` <br>(Double)click a link, button or element
- `I (add|set) "([^"]*)?" to the inputfield "([^"]*)?"` <br>Add or set the content of an input field
- `I clear the inputfield "([^"]*)?"` <br>Clear an input field
- `I drag element "([^"]*)?" to element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Drag an element to another element
- `I submit the form "([^"]*)?"` <br>Submit a form
- `I pause for (\d+)ms` <br>Pause for a certain number of milliseconds
- `I set a cookie "([^"]*)?" with the content "([^"]*)?"` <br>Set the content of a cookie with the given name to  the given string
- `I delete the cookie "([^"]*)?"` <br>Delete the cookie with the given name
- `I press "([^"]*)?"` <br>Press a given key. You’ll find all supported characters [here](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html#keyboard-actions). To do that, the value has to correspond to a key from the table.
- `I (accept|dismiss) the (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt)` <br>Accept or dismiss a modal window
- `I enter "([^"]*)?" into the prompt` <br>Enter a given text into a modal prompt
- `I scroll to element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Scroll to a given element
- `I close the last opened (window|tab)` <br>Close the last opened browser window/tab
- `I focus the last opened (window|tab)` <br>Focus the last opened browser window/tab
- `I log in to site with username "([^"]*)?" and password "([^"]*)?"` <br>Login to a site with the given username and password
- `I select the (\d+)(st|nd|rd|th) option for element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Select an option based on it's index
- `I select the option with the (name|value|text) "([^"]*)?" for element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Select an option based on its name, value or visible text
- `I move to element "([^"]*)?"( with an offset of (\d+),(\d+))` <br>Move the mouse by an (optional) offset of the specified element

Commit message:

Clarify local running instructions for acceptance tests (#204)

test/acceptance/README.md, after:

# Acceptance Tests

> Future Farming and Countryside Programme - Demo Web Acceptance Tests

This folder contains the acceptance tests for the FFC Demo Web service components as can be operated through the 'customer facing' `ffc-demo-web` front end microservice.

The framework is (Cucumber)[https://cucumber.io/] and (webdriver.io)[https://webdriver.io/] based, containerised, expandable and based on the actively maintained webdriver.io Cucumber boilerplate project.

## Requirements

- Docker Desktop 2.2.0.3 (42716) or higher
- Node version 12 (not compatible with v13)
  - if you have multiple versions of node, run `nvm use 12` to use version 12 for this alone

# Quick start

Docker is used to create a container for each of selenium-hub, chrome-browser and webdriver-cuke.
* Selenium Hub allows concurrent execution of test cases
* Chrome Browser is the browser specified in the configuration file `wdio.conf.js` by default
* Webdriver.io along with Cucumber is this framework that defines the tests.

## How to run the tests

1. Set the root URL for the environment in the environment variable `TEST_ENVIRONMENT_ROOT_URL`

2. If running against localhost, then no need to set `TEST_ENVIRONMENT_ROOT_URL` as it will default to `docker.host.internal:3000`.  Instead make sure the application container is running wotj `docker-compose up --build` in the root folder of this repository

3. From the directory containing the dockerfile run `docker-compose up --build`. This will run an acceptance test against the FFC-Demo web service.

4. The test reports will be output to `./html-reports`. Note that WSL users need to run `mkdir -m 777 html-reports`. Read more about report configuration in the [rpii/wdio-hmtl-reporter docs](https://github.com/rpii/wdio-html-reporter)

5. Now you are ready to maintain, extend or write your own features in the `./acceptance/features` directory

## How to write a test

Tests are written in [Gherkin syntax](https://cucumber.io/docs/reference)
that means that you write down what's supposed to happen in a real language. All test files are located in
`./acceptance/features/*` and have the file ending `.feature`. You will already find some test files in that
directory. They should demonstrate, how tests could look like. Just create a new file and write your first
test.

__myFirstTest.feature__
```gherkin
Feature:
    In order to keep my product stable
    As a developer or product manager
    I want to make sure that everything works as expected

Scenario: Check title of website after search
    Given I open the url "http://google.com"
    When I set "WebdriverIO" to the inputfield "#lst-ib"
    And I press "Enter"
    Then I expect that the title is "WebdriverIO - Google Search"

Scenario: Another test
    Given ...

```

This test opens the browser and navigates them to google.com to check if the title contains the search
query after doing a search. As you can see, it is pretty simple and understandable for everyone.

# Configurations

To configure your tests, checkout the [`wdio.conf.js`](https://github.com/webdriverio/cucumber-boilerplate/blob/master/wdio.conf.js) file in your test directory. It comes with a bunch of documented options you can choose from.

## Environment-specific configurations

You can setup multiple configs for specific environments. Let's say you want to have a different `baseUrl` for
your local and pre-deploy tests. Use the `wdio.conf.js` to set all general configs (like mochaOpts) that don't change.
They act as default values. For each different environment you can create a new config with the following name
scheme:

```txt
wdio.<ENVIRONMENT>.conf.js
```

Now you can create a specific config for your pre-deploy tests:

__wdio.STAGING.conf.js__
```js
var config = require('./wdio.conf.js').config;

config.baseUrl = 'http://staging.example.com'

exports.config = config;
```

Your environment-specific config file will get merged into the default config file and overwrites the values you set.
To run a test in a specific environment just add the desired configuration file as the first parameter:

```sh
$ npx run wdio wdio.STAGING.conf.js
```

# Running single feature
Sometimes it's useful to only execute a single feature file, to do so use the following command:

```sh
$ npx wdio wdio.conf.js --spec ./test/features/select.feature
```


# Using tags

If you want to run only specific tests you can mark your features with tags. These tags will be placed before each feature like so:

```gherkin
@Tag
Feature: ...
```

To run only the tests with specific tag(s) use the `--cucumberOpts.tagExpression=` parameter like so:

```sh
$ npx wdio wdio.conf.js --cucumberOpts.tagExpression='@Tag or @AnotherTag'
```

For more tag options please see the [Cucumber.js documentation](https://docs.cucumber.io/tag-expressions/)

# Pending test

If you have failing or unimplemented tests you can mark them as "Pending" so they will get skipped.

```gherkin
// skip whole feature file
@Pending
Feature: ...

// only skip a single scenario
@Pending
Scenario: ...
```

# Adding new steps and snippets

The predefined snippets allow you to do a lot of common things but you might need extra snippets which
are better aligned with your aims. To do so you will find all step definitions in `./acceptance/steps`. They
are separated in `given`, `when` and `then`.

You define your snippet using regular expressions. This is pretty powerful as it allows you to create complex
sentences with multiple options. Everything that's within `"([^"]*)?"` gets captured and appended to the
callback. The last argument is always a callback function that you need to call when your step is done.
You can access the browser and your WebdriverIO instance with `browser`.

To assert values this boilerplate project comes with a [Chai](http://chaijs.com/) integration.

# Comments

You can add additional descriptive comments in your feature files.

```gherkin
###
  This is a
  block comment
###
Feature: As a bystander
    I can watch bottles falling from a wall
    So that I can be mildly amused

# This is a single line comment
Scenario: check if username is present
    Given I login as "roboter" with password "test123"
    Then the username "roboter" should be present in the header
```

# List of predefined steps

Check out all predefined snippets. You can see examples of how these can be used in [the webdriver.io cucumber-boilerplate `sampleSnippets.feature`](https://github.com/webdriverio/cucumber-boilerplate/blob/master/src/features/sampleSnippets.feature).

## Given steps

- `I open the (url|site) "([^"]*)?"` <br>Open a site in the current browser window/tab
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* visible` <br>Check the (in)visibility of an element
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* enabled` <br>Check if an element is (not) enabled
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* selected` <br>Check if an element is (not) selected
- `the checkbox "([^"]*)?" is( not)* checked` <br>Check if a checkbox is (not) checked
- `there is (an|no) element "([^"]*)?" on the page` <br>Check if an element (does not) exist
- `the title is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the title of the current browser window/tab
- `the element "([^"]*)?" contains( not)* the same text as element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Compare the text of two elements
- `the (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains the text "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if an element contains the given text
- `the (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains any text` <br>Check if an element does not contain any text
- `the (button|element) "([^"]*)?" is( not)* empty` <br>Check if an element is empty
- `the page url is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the url of the current browser window/tab
- `the( css)* attribute "([^"]*)?" from element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the value of an element's (css) attribute
- `the cookie "([^"]*)?" contains( not)* the value "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the value of a cookie
- `the cookie "([^"]*)?" does( not)* exist` <br>Check the existence of a cookie
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* ([\d]+)px (broad|tall)` <br>Check the width/height of an element
- `the element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* positioned at ([\d]+)px on the (x|y) axis` <br>Check the position of an element
- `I have a screen that is ([\d]+) by ([\d]+) pixels` <br>Set the browser size to a given size
- `I have closed all but the first (window|tab)` <br>Close all but the first browser window/tab
- `a (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt) is( not)* opened` <br>Check if a modal is opened

## Then steps

- `I expect that the title is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the title of the current browser window/tab
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" does( not)* appear exactly "([^"]*)?" times` <br>Checks that the element is on the page a specific number of times
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* visible` <br>Check if a certain element is visible
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" becomes( not)* visible` <br>Check if a certain element becomes visible
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* within the viewport` <br>Check if a certain element is within the current viewport
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" does( not)* exist` <br>Check if a certain element exists
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains the same text as element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Compare the text of two elements
- `I expect that (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains the text "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if an element or input field contains the given text
- `I expect that (button|element) "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains any text` <br>Check if an element or input field contains any text
- `I expect that (button|elementelement) "([^"]*)?" is( not)* empty` <br>Check if an element or input field is empty
- `I expect that the url ( not)* contains "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the the URL of the current browser window/tab contains a certain string
- `I expect that the url is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the the URL of the current browser window/tab is a certain string
- `I expect that the path is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the path of the URL of the current browser window/tab is a certain string
- `I expect the url to( not)* contain "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if the URL of the current browser window/tab contains a certain string
- `I expect that the( css)* attribute "([^"]*)?" from element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check the value of an element's (css) attribute
- `I expect that checkbox "([^"]*)?" is( not)* checked` <br>Check if a check-box is (not) checked
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* selected` <br>Check if an element is (not) selected
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* enabled` <br>Check if an element is (not) enabled
- `I expect that cookie "([^"]*)?"( not)* contains "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if a cookie with a certain name contains a certain value
- `I expect that cookie "([^"]*)?"( not)* exists` <br>Check if a cookie with a certain name exist
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* ([\d]+)px (broad|tall)` <br>Check the width/height of an element
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* positioned at ([\d]+)px on the (x|y) axis` <br>Check the position of an element
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" (has|does not have) the class "([^"]*)?"` <br>Check if an element has a certain class
- `I expect a new (window|tab) has( not)* been opened` <br>Check if a new window/tab has been opened
- `I expect the url "([^"]*)?" is opened in a new (tab|window)` <br>Check if a URL is opened in a new browser window/tab
- `I expect that element "([^"]*)?" is( not)* focused` <br>Check if an element has the focus
- `I wait on element "([^"]*)?"( for (\d+)ms)*( to( not)* (be checked|be enabled|be selected|be visible|contain a text|contain a value|exist))*` <br>Wait for an element to be checked, enabled, selected, visible, contain a certain value or text or to exist
- `I expect that a (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt) is( not)* opened` <br>Check if a modal is opened
- `I expect that a (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt)( not)* contains the text "$text"` <br>Check the text of a modal

## When steps

- `I (click|doubleclick) on the (link|button|element) "([^"]*)?"` <br>(Double)click a link, button or element
- `I (add|set) "([^"]*)?" to the inputfield "([^"]*)?"` <br>Add or set the content of an input field
- `I clear the inputfield "([^"]*)?"` <br>Clear an input field
- `I drag element "([^"]*)?" to element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Drag an element to another element
- `I submit the form "([^"]*)?"` <br>Submit a form
- `I pause for (\d+)ms` <br>Pause for a certain number of milliseconds
- `I set a cookie "([^"]*)?" with the content "([^"]*)?"` <br>Set the content of a cookie with the given name to  the given string
- `I delete the cookie "([^"]*)?"` <br>Delete the cookie with the given name
- `I press "([^"]*)?"` <br>Press a given key. You’ll find all supported characters [here](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver/webdriver-spec.html#keyboard-actions). To do that, the value has to correspond to a key from the table.
- `I (accept|dismiss) the (alertbox|confirmbox|prompt)` <br>Accept or dismiss a modal window
- `I enter "([^"]*)?" into the prompt` <br>Enter a given text into a modal prompt
- `I scroll to element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Scroll to a given element
- `I close the last opened (window|tab)` <br>Close the last opened browser window/tab
- `I focus the last opened (window|tab)` <br>Focus the last opened browser window/tab
- `I log in to site with username "([^"]*)?" and password "([^"]*)?"` <br>Login to a site with the given username and password
- `I select the (\d+)(st|nd|rd|th) option for element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Select an option based on it's index
- `I select the option with the (name|value|text) "([^"]*)?" for element "([^"]*)?"` <br>Select an option based on its name, value or visible text
- `I move to element "([^"]*)?"( with an offset of (\d+),(\d+))` <br>Move the mouse by an (optional) offset of the specified element
